Doc: Add Developer Guide with internals on the testing package (#1314)
enthought/traitsui: docs/source/traitsui_dev_guide/testing.rst

  def perform(interaction, target):
      try:
          perform(interaction, target):
      except InteractionNotSupported:
          try:
              default_target = locate(DefaultTarget, target)
          except LocationNotSupported:
              raise InteractionNotSupported
          else:
              perform(interaction, default_target)

The default target for a TextEditor can be resolved using this function::

  def resolve_default_target(target: TextEditor):
      return target.control   # would be a QLineEdit for simple editor in Qt.

And one would have registered an interaction (e.g. KeySequence) on a low level
toolkit widget type::

  registry.register_interaction(
    target_type=QLineEdit,
    interaction_type=KeySequence,
    handler=...,  # some callable
  )

The design was rejected for two reasons:

#. The control flow resulting from having to try resolving an interaction
   or location on the default target adds complexity to the code.
#. The resulting code is obscure because it is hard to see which UI editors
   are using the interaction handlers registered. This makes it difficult to
   perform impact analysis when one needs to change the code.

> At the end we simple register the interaction types on those simple UI editors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the end we simply register the interaction types on those simple UI editors
```

directly but we refactor the registration logic so that it is easy to reuse.

Where are the tests?
--------------------

When a functionality is added to support testing TraitsUI editors, the
functionality should be used in TraitsUI 's own tests for the editor.
e.g. The MouseClick support for ButtonEditor is tested in the tests for
ButtonEditor, in ``traitsui.editors.tests.test_button_editor``.

By dog-fooding the implementations back to TraitsUI 's own tests with the goal
of writing toolkit independent test code, this allows us to capture

> inconsistencies among different toolkit early and to make sure the new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
inconsistencies among different toolkits early and to make sure the new
```

functionality is indeed useful.

> Tests for functionality regarding the tester API should be found in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tests for functionality provided by the tester API can be found in the
```
